software/contrib/morse.md, before:

# Morse

Morse is a gate sequencer that uses the
[Morse code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morse_code) encoding
of a word to generate the high/low pattern.

The user uses the buttons and knobs to enter a word of up to
16 letters. The output is the encoded word.

## Inputs & Outputs

| I/O   | Notes                                     |
|-------|-------------------------------------------|
| `DIN` | Input clock/gate source                   |
| `AIN` | Unused                                    |
| `K1`  | Unused                                    |
| `K2`  | Used to select letters                    |
| `B1`  | Move letter input to the left             |
| `B2`  | Move letter input to the right            |
| `CV1` | Gate output, treating `.` as high         |
| `CV2` | Latched gate output, treating `.` as high |
| `CV3` | End-of-letter gate                        |
| `CV4` | Gate output, treating `.` as low          |
| `CV5` | Latched gate output, treating `.` as low  |
| `CV6` | End-of-word gate                          |

Normal gate outputs go low on the falling edge of the clock signal
on `DIN`. Latched gate outputs stay high across multiple pulses if
adjacent signals would be high.

## Patching Ideas

Because `Morse` outputs a binary on/off sequence instead of
long/short gates, it doesn't naturally sound like morse code.
But with some clever patching you can create audible morse code!

### Idea 1: Two envelopes

Patch the output from `CV1` into an envelope with a short
decay and the output from `CV4` into an envelope with a long
decay. Connect these two envelopes into your VCA (or if your
VCA only has 1 CV input, use a mixer).

### Idea 2: CV-controlled envelope

If your envelope generator has CV over the decay, you can patch
`CV1` into the envelope's trigger, and `CV5` into the decay CV.
You may need to attenuate the CV control to get the durations right,
but this will let you generate long and short pulses with a
single envelope.

## Morse Code Reference

| Letter/Number | Morse representation |
|---------------|----------------------|
| A             | `.-`                 |
| B             | `-...`               |
| C             | `-.-.`               |
| D             | `-..`                |
| E             | `.`                  |
| F             | `..-.`               |
| G             | `--.`                |
| H             | `....`               |
| I             | `..`                 |
| J             | `.---`               |
| K             | `-.-`                |
| L             | `.-..`               |
| M             | `--`                 |
| N             | `-.`                 |
| O             | `---`                |
| P             | `.--.`               |
| Q             | `--.-`               |
| R             | `.-.`                |
| S             | `...`                |
| T             | `-`                  |
| U             | `..-`                |
| V             | `...-`               |
| W             | `.--`                |
| X             | `-..-`               |
| Y             | `-.--`               |
| Z             | `--..`               |
| 0             | `-----`              |
| 1             | `.----`              |
| 2             | `..---`              |
| 3             | `...--`              |
| 4             | `....-`              |
| 5             | `.....`              |
| 6             | `-....`              |
| 7             | `--...`              |
| 8             | `---..`              |
| 9             | `----.`              |

Commit message:

Use K2 to select the letter, B1 and B2 to change it. This avoids issues with the knob accidentally unlocking while scrolling across letters. It also simplifies things by eliminating the KnobBank completely

software/contrib/morse.md, after:

# Morse

Morse is a gate sequencer that uses the
[Morse code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morse_code) encoding
of a word to generate the high/low pattern.

The user uses the buttons and knobs to enter a word of up to
16 letters. The output is the encoded word.

## Inputs & Outputs

| I/O   | Notes                                     |
|-------|-------------------------------------------|
| `DIN` | Input clock/gate source                   |
| `AIN` | Unused                                    |
| `K1`  | Unused                                    |
| `K2`  | Select the letter to edit                 |
| `B1`  | Cycle the letter one position backwards   |
| `B2`  | Cycle the letter one position forwards    |
| `CV1` | Gate output, treating `.` as high         |
| `CV2` | Latched gate output, treating `.` as high |
| `CV3` | End-of-letter gate                        |
| `CV4` | Gate output, treating `.` as low          |
| `CV5` | Latched gate output, treating `.` as low  |
| `CV6` | End-of-word gate                          |

Normal gate outputs go low on the falling edge of the clock signal
on `DIN`. Latched gate outputs stay high across multiple pulses if
adjacent signals would be high.

## Patching Ideas

Because `Morse` outputs a binary on/off sequence instead of
long/short gates, it doesn't naturally sound like morse code.
But with some clever patching you can create audible morse code!

### Idea 1: Two envelopes

Patch the output from `CV1` into an envelope with a short
decay and the output from `CV4` into an envelope with a long
decay. Connect these two envelopes into your VCA (or if your
VCA only has 1 CV input, use a mixer).

### Idea 2: CV-controlled envelope

If your envelope generator has CV over the decay, you can patch
`CV1` into the envelope's trigger, and `CV5` into the decay CV.
You may need to attenuate the CV control to get the durations right,
but this will let you generate long and short pulses with a
single envelope.

## Morse Code Reference

| Letter/Number | Morse representation |
|---------------|----------------------|
| A             | `.-`                 |
| B             | `-...`               |
| C             | `-.-.`               |
| D             | `-..`                |
| E             | `.`                  |
| F             | `..-.`               |
| G             | `--.`                |
| H             | `....`               |
| I             | `..`                 |
| J             | `.---`               |
| K             | `-.-`                |
| L             | `.-..`               |
| M             | `--`                 |
| N             | `-.`                 |
| O             | `---`                |
| P             | `.--.`               |
| Q             | `--.-`               |
| R             | `.-.`                |
| S             | `...`                |
| T             | `-`                  |
| U             | `..-`                |
| V             | `...-`               |
| W             | `.--`                |
| X             | `-..-`               |
| Y             | `-.--`               |
| Z             | `--..`               |
| 0             | `-----`              |
| 1             | `.----`              |
| 2             | `..---`              |
| 3             | `...--`              |
| 4             | `....-`              |
| 5             | `.....`              |
| 6             | `-....`              |
| 7             | `--...`              |
| 8             | `---..`              |
| 9             | `----.`              |
